Reminder Tracker

Overview
In our current day the need for an advanced to do list has become an ever-increasing tool to have. With the current to do applications 
that are on the market they hold a few limitations in their usage. For one they do not have the ability to record multiple task within a 
single goal. This can lead to loss of time. One of the downsides to having these tools is that they do not provide any integration for goals. 
With our new to do application we aim to solve these problems by providing a robust system to assimilate various goals down to simplify tasks 
to all these tasks and to show the completion of these tasks and the goals themselves.

Business Rules

I. Information
A user first signs on the to the application. If the user does not have an account set up, they would have to register for an account in our system.
 A user would then add goals to their accounts. The goal name cannot be blank. The user is then to a second screen to fill out the various tasks 
associated with the goal. User then insert each task with their respected name, description, and deadline/duration. 

II. Displaying Information
The task is then displayed on the screen, with the completion bar on the goal. The completion bar next to the goal will display the current 
completion percentage.  Each task would appear underneath the goal with their respected duration/deadline in the fields and would include a 
completed task button and a delay task button. When the completed task button is clicked, the task would be marked completed and would be grayed 
out. Clicking on the delay button would open an edit timeline screen that would allow you to edit the time line. Editing the time line in one task 
would update the rest of the tasks if they use the duration option. 

III. Completion of goals
After each task is completed, the user can mark off that specific task on the screen. Afterwards, the completion bar would increase, and the task 
would be marked as completed within the goal sub menu.  When either all the tasks or the goal is completed, the user can check off the entire goal 
from the list. That goal is then moved to the completed/archive list.

